java cAssessment Brief – Academic Year 2025Module Code   ARTD2108Assessment Type   3000 word illustrated To include 15 page creative ideation that can incorporate generative AI outcomes.   Module Title   MAJOR PROJECT (FMM)   Weighting   100%Launch Date   WC 27/01/2025   Word Count   100% - 3000 word illustrated To include 15 page creative ideation that can incorporate generative AI outcomes.   Summative Submission Date      Thurs 15th May 2025 by 1600 UK time   Feedback to Students      No earlier than 4 working weeks there after   Method of Submission illustrated report 1000%   Upload a PDF to Blackboard via Turnitin.      
Introduction
The learning outcomes of this module are defined in the module profile, found on blackboard. Please constantly   refer to these, as they are what you are assessed against. You are expected to demonstrate more independent working skills than in part 1.Your summative submission should demonstrate critical understanding of fashion retailing and future developments in the changing retail landscape. It should show you understand the operational practices of fashion retail management, retail distribution and their inter-relationships. It will demonstrate strategic thinking about contemporary issues impacting on the fashion retail environment today and finally an understanding of the role technology will play in that environment.Within the module you will investigate the principles of retail theory and understand how the application of retail strategy will enhance a brand.A Future    Retail Concept focussing on Disability, Neuro divergence and/or Wellbeing.   "Physical retail's evolution demands a fundamental shift from traditional transaction-focused spaces to experiential destinations. Successful retailers must create immersive, technology-enabled environments that deliver personalized experiences while addressing growing consumer demands for sustainability and community connection"Deloitte (2024) 'Future of Retail: The Phygital Revolution', Harvard Business Review Digital Articles, January 2024, pp. 1-8."The post-pandemic retail landscape requires physical stores to serve as multifunctional spaces that merge digital innovation with human connection. Successful retailers will prioritize experiential retail, focusing on personalization, sustainability, and community engagement to create meaningful customer experiences"(McKinsey, 2024).McKinsey  Company (2024) 'Retail's Next Chapter: Beyond Digital Integration', Harvard Business Review, 102(1), pp. 112-120.Project RequirementYou are to produce an Illustrated Report – 3000 words with 15 page visual ideation of a future retail space that places particular awareness and accountability towards disability, neuro divergence and/or wellbeing. Each week your lectures and seminars will cover a separate topic from the list below. Each section must 代 写ARTD2108 MAJOR PROJECT (FMM) Academic Year 2025SQL
代做程序编程语言be covered in your Illustrated report. Your task is to investigate and analyses the current state of retail and ideate the future of retail with an understanding of how retail considers disability, neuro divergence and/or wellbeing.
You must present your findings in an Illustrated report structure. You must determine and choose the market level   (luxury, mid-market, high street, value etc.)      and type of store   (Department Store, Speciality Store, Direct retailer, Concept Store, Sneaker,    Boutique, High Street, Denim, Skate, Discount, Luxury, Outlet, Children’s, Fast Fashion, Lingerie, Sport etc.) You must also consider the geographic location of your store. So for example you cond choose a LUXURY, SNEAKER STORE in NEW YORK. (The above examples are not exhaustive).
You must also give consideration to the following topics·   Covid in Context: Current retail environment. The Impact that the pandemic has had on the retail store specifically towards disability, neuro divergence and wellbeing.·   Conflict Theory: Historical changes to the store. Disruptive theory and challenges.·   Community: How neighbourhood and localisation play a role in store design.·   Commerce and Connectivity:    Frictionless trading and instore technology.·   Central Place Theory: Location, type and density of stores.·   Content: In store product, supply chain and distribution models.·   Competitive  Communicative strategies: The evolution of store design.·   Curation: Experiential Retail, Innovation, VM and ExhibitionThe 15 ideation can be aligned to a    brand (this can be UK, EU or an International brand) that will best align to the type of retail store from your report. Informed by your research an illustrated 3000 report and visualisation must use Adobe Creative Suite and visually consider and present the extensive ideation and illustrated research conclusions from your report.These can but are not limited to the following:·   Location·   Accessibility·   Access·   Overall mood.·   Navigation·   Health·   Mental Stimulation·   Inclusive spaces·   Lighting, colour.·   Assistive technology·   VM, product display, store window·   Materials, textures, audio and gamification.·   Floor plan, product.·   Technologies and in store innovation used.·   Geographic location, distribution  supply chain infrastructure.Please note: Your choice of brand   will determine the overall presentation of you illustrated concept and this should be evident in your photography, illustrations and depictions. Utilitise imagery that best demonstrates the overall ideation of your new future retail project. You can annotate and further articulate your ideas but the onus is on visualising your ideas.      You can use generative AI but you must show all of your prompts and/0r reference all of the images you use.


         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
